So in this video we'll continue with the latest Office section.
In the last video we added the hate mail for the free supper offers.
And in this video we're going to be adding the csx to make it look more like the finished projects.
So we're going to be adding the purple buckram colour for the full section will also be change in the
background and text colour for free individual offers will also be making sure that the pricing circle
is positioned horizontally in the middle of the div and also overlap and at the top and will do that
with some absolute position.
So if we go over to I will see SS.
We can create a new section.
Let's do this at the bottom.
Just before the mobile style.
So this is the latest offers.
So the latest offers section had the idea of latest offers.
And will just use this to create the purple buckram colour and set the funchal at a White House so make
sure that all the text is aligned.
So first of all we'll said the text a line to be in the centre.
Because we use in a purple background colour or dark buckram colours we want the div to have white text.
And the purple buckram colour.
Has the idae of 9 7 6 8 9 see.
Let's take a look at the browser.
Okay so we've now got the purple buckram colour and the white text so I can move on to the free individual
offer device.
So if we look back into the index page the free offers will give them a custom class offer and were
used on all freelon so we can select that now.
So the class of offer.
So when I said the Darth buckram call a first.
So the bucknam for the free offers has an idea of four year five to five f.
There we go because these will be containers for the price circles.
We're going to set the position to be relative.
To make them a little bit taller will add a minimum height of 350 pixels high.
And a little bit padding.
So when out 40 pixels on the top and bottom and then 10 pixels on the left and right.
Then next we can start uddin the price in circles so the price and circles were wrapped in a spam tag.
So I can select them use any offer class and then spun.
So let's start by changing the background colour.
So the circles will have the killer of 8 a BBB one.
And the display is going to be said to block.
We'll give these a height and width of 100 pixels.
Because the price is going to be inside will set the text allowing to be centre.
So let's take a look and see how things look and so far.
Okay.
So we've got the free price and Dave's appear and we've got a different background colour.
So next we need to make them a circle and then we need to look up position in the circles where we want
them.
So to make those circles we can just add a border radius.
Of 100 percent.
That makes them into a circle.
And then to make the text vertically aligned we can also set the line height.
To be 100 pixels which is the same as the full height of the div..
And moves the price into the middle of the circle.
So because we've got a relative container to work from we can set these price in circles to have a absolute
position.
So we'll start reference in the circles from the left hand side of the container.
So we'll add some margin left of 50 percent.
To put that into the middle of the container.
Now it's not quite in the middle because we need to compensate for half of the width for the circle.
So let's do that now.
So if we set the left we can set the value to be negative 50 pixels which is half of the width and that
should make them horizontally centred.
And then next we can reference the circle from the top.
So let's at the top.
Now if we would set the value of the top to be zero what would happen is a circle would go to the top
of the container.
But we need the circle to be orval up.
By half of the height.
So instead of Certainly top to be zero.
We can set the top to be negative 50 which is half of the height.
There we go.
So that's the position in exactly where we want it.
Just to finish off the price in section we'll just add the font size and the font weight.
So the font size.
We changed it to two Ms.
And lastly the phone wait.
He is going to be bold.
There we go.
And then next will create some space in.
So the offer name is in a level three haddin.
So let's add some margin to the bottom just push the techs further down and can also increase the font
size to or below the span's action.
We've got the class of offer and then hate free.
So margin bottom is 50 pixels.
And also let's change the font size.
To be one point two Ms.
That gives us a little bit more space below the head.
And I'm also going to add some spacing between the two lines below.
By adding some extra line height so the two lines were in petersburg's.
So the offer p.
Were going to increase the line height to to Ms.
Now gives us a little bit more vertical space in.
No let's create some space between the divider and also the free special offers sections.
So if you remember back in the index page in the first row which had the level to head in and the divide
image we also added a custom class of margin bottom.
So I can add that in our customer success.
Pushed the fryday of dharm let's set the margin bottom.
To be 70 pixels.
And see how that looks great.
That's exactly how I want it look.
And on the rest of the if we shrink the browser down.
Down to a mobile size.
Then scroll down to the free offers.
We just need to make it a little change on the margin bottom because the free device blend into one.
When the stacked on top of each other and we can easily fix that.
If we find the section with the offer class and then we can add some margin onto the balm of 60 pixels
and let's see how that looks.
That's a lot better now so we've got space between the three special offers on the mobile.
So that it's lutts the end of the latest offer section.
Thanks for listening and we'll see in the next video.